# Arkansas Asset Builders - Third Client Meeting Update

As our final project has progressed, we have had a bit of trouble working through obstacles that we did not cover in any sort of tutorial we've done. By nature of the project, we expected this, but I did not realize how long it would take us to have success in each task. Uploading and parsing through user Excel files has proven more difficult than we had anticipated. Collisions with uploading multiple files was something else that we ran into that we had not thought of before.

In our third meeting, I walked through our site with the client, demonstrating how she might navigate it and adding in commentary where updates on our site were not visible. Our client was pleased with the state of our website and how similar it looked to our [Moqup](https://app.moqups.com/QlPLLm9Sbv/view/page/acbb00fdc). The main clarification she had was that, by the end of the semester, she wanted our [project Github repository](https://github.com/garrettcallyer/ArkansasAssetBuilders) to be public so similar organizations could utilize the tools we constructed.

After the meeting, we updated our [Trello board](https://trello.com/b/T772foPx/ar-asset-builders-csci-340) with prioritized tasks and deadlines. We assigned tasks to each group member. What lies ahead of us includes merging user files, executing an auto-update for the tables, appropriately exporting files, and deleting all files once application is terminated or a timer runs out.

Since the third client meeting, I have been researching how to publish a Visual Studios project into a single executable application. Our client would rather have this application run on her device than have our website be public. I have tried a few methods, but I have not had success in publishing the project into a single file or app that does not require Visual Studios to run. In addition to that task, I have been working on the display of our tables from the parsed Excel file onto the website. Our next big step is to put together our queries to organize the data.
